# BattleShip
**How to run Battleship**
* After taking clone move to the root directory named as Battleship and 
*  run ```python battleship.py  ```

# Task Management System
**How to run TaskManagement**
* Setup the .env file inside the directory TaskManagement
* Syntax for .env file
* SECRET_KEY=secret ey of your app
* DEBUG=
* NAME= Name of the database if using mysql
* DB_USER= username of the mysql
* PASSWORD= password for mysql
* PORT= port no by default 3306
* HOST= host
* Install the packages from ```requirements.txt``` inside the main directory 
* run ```pyhton manage.py runserver ```
* project run on the port ```http://localhost:8000```
  # Functionalities
  * User Registration and Login: Users can register with the system and log in to their accounts.
  * Task Creation: Authenticated users can create new tasks by providing a title, description, due date, and assigning it to themselves or another user.
  * Task List: Users can view a list of all tasks, sorted by their due date and status. The tasks assigned to the logged-in user should be highlighted.
  * Task Detail: Users can click on a task from the list to view its detailed information.
  * Task Update: The task creator or assigned user can update the task's title, description, due date, and status.
  * Task Deletion: The task creator or an admin user can delete a task.
  * Task Comments: Users add comments to tasks for discussions or updates related to the task.
  * Attachments: Enable users to upload attachments or files related to tasks.\
  * Task Filtering: Filtering options to the task list view based on status, due date range, or assigned user.
  * Task Search: Search functionality that allows users to search for tasks based on keywords.

# Online Bookstore Using React and Django
**How to run online bookstore**
* move to the directory named as ``` djangoProject3 ``` by  typing ```cd djangoProject3```
* inside ``` djangoProject3 ``` there is folder named ``` djangoProject3 ``` move to that folder ```cd djangoProject3``` and setup  .env
* Syntax for .env file
* SECRET_KEY=secret ey of your app
* DEBUG=
* NAME= Name of the database if using mysql
* DB_USER= username of the mysql
* PASSWORD= password for mysql
* PORT= port no by default 3306
* HOST= host
* STRIPE_KEY=your stripe key
* now back to the root directory  ``` cd.. djangoProject3 ```
* install the packages from ```requirements.txt```
*  run ```pyhton manage.py runserver ```
* by doing this backend server start
* Now open ```another terminal``` and move to the ``` cd djangoProject3 ```
* now type ```cd my-bookstore``` and then type ```npm start```
* project run on the port ```http://localhost:3000```
  # Prerequisite
* make sure that you make the django superuser by typing ```python manage.py  createsuperuser```
* now run server ```python manage.py runserver```
* ```http://localhost:8000/admin```
* login with the username and password you just created
* also you have stripe account after creating stripe account move to the ```products```  page and add the ```book name``` and ```price in pkr```  and then ```price_id``` is generated
* now add the books in the ```books table``` the ```price_id``` attribute contains  the id that is  generated by the stripe when you add product in the above step
  # Functionalities
  * Token based authentication
  * Searching  books by typing name of book, author and genre
  * Add to cart
  * Give reviews and rating after ```purchasing the book```
  * Only the user who buy  the book can give ```ratings and review ```
  * User can edit/delete his/her review
  * Recommendations  on the basis of ```top 5 books of the selected genre``` otherwise ```top selling book```